Chris2 (#377)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/transport2.adoc

:experimental:
:v_core: master

> The goal of this section covers how to implement a complete workflow of a simple version of a supply chain tracking system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of Part 2 covers how to implement a complete workflow of a simple version of a supply chain tracking system.
```
